(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(dramatic music)
[Narrator] Guided by the
power of the eight crests,
a new chapter of
the Digi-Destined's
great adventure had begun.
Who knows what sort of
trials and tribulations
they'll need to
face in their fight
against the Great Catastrophe.
Tai's group had fought and
defeated ShogunGekomon,
the ruler of the hot springs.
(hammer thuds)
After the battle had been won,
Tai and Agumon parted
from Joe's group
and continued on their journey,
guided by their Digivice.
As they reached their next goal,
Tai and Agumon wondered
what could possibly be lying
in wait for them there.
(wind howling)
(explosion booms)
-(Giromon snickers)
-(chainsaw revving)
(Greymon grunts)
Hey, are you all right?
Mm-hmm.
Giromon, an Ultimate Digimon.
Well, my Digivice led us to a
nasty place, that's for sure!
(Giromon snickers)
-(Greymon grunts)
-(bomb clangs)
[Giromon] Eliminate,
eliminate, eliminate.
(explosions booming)
(Tai grunting)
(intense music)
[Greymon] Greymon digivole to...
Metalgreymon!
(chainsaw revving)
(Giromon snickering)
(Digimon grunts)
(Digimon thuds)
(Giromon groans)
(tense music)
(chainsaw revving)
(guns banging)
(Giromon groans)
Who's that?
-Rebellimon.
-Huh?
Rebellimon the reckless,
Rebellimon who refused to die.
(tense music)
Rebellimon, huh.
(explosions booming)
(Giromon snickering)
(chainsaw revving)
(saw blades scraping)
-(Rebellimon roars)
-(guns banging)
-(Rebellimon grunting)
-(blows thudding)
(explosion booms)
So is that Digimon a
friend of yours, or what?
(Cutemon whimpers)
(Giromon groans)
(Giromon shouting)
(MetalGreymon gasps)
(saw blades whirring)
(tense music)
(MetalGreymon and
Rebellimon growling)
[Rebellimon] A new face,
where did you come from?
(saw blades whirring)
(MetalGreymon growls)
(tire screeching)
No, Rebellimon, no!
Watch out!
(engine revving)
Hey, come on, we're just
passing through, okay?
You've got no
reason to fight us!
(tire screeching)
Stop right there!
[Rebellimon] I don't
need a reason to fight.
MetalGreymon!
(saw blades whirring)
(Rebellimon gasps)
(blow thuds)
(tire screeching)
(Rebellimon groans)
[Cutemon] Rebellimon!
(tire screeching)
(Cutemon shouts)
-Hey!
-I'll only say this once...
Huh?
[Rebellimon] Stay away
from me, you got that?
(engine revving)
[Tai] Seems like
Rebellimon's got some issues.
So, what's your name?
[Cutemon] Cutemon.
"I have to keep fighting
in order to live"?
Yeah, those were
Rebellimon's exact words.
That's why Rebellimon
came to a place like this,
where there are
outlaws everywhere.
[Agumon] Outlaws?
[Cutemon] This used to be a
wasteland with nobody in it,
But then it all changed.
Lots of Digimon
started coming here.
It seemed more comfortable
than the cave I lived in,
so I moved here too.
But then soon after that,
a lot of scary Digimon
started coming here.
They bullied the weaker
ones, and started turf wars.
That was when...
(Cutemon whimpering)
[Rebellimon] Tell
me, are you strong?
At first, I thought
that Rebellimon
had come there to
save me, but no.
(Giromon thuds)
Oh, how can I ever
thank you for saving me-
-(engine revving)
-(tire screeching)
[Rebellimon] Beat it.
Weaklings like you
are a nuisance.
(soft music)
It seems like
Rebellimon has no memory
of anything at
all from the past.
Not even the reason for
wanting to fight all the time,
or for wanting to win so badly.
(Boltmon growling)
Rebellimon keeps on challenging
powerful Digimon to do battle.
(engine revving)
-(tire screeching)
-(Rebellimon shouts)
(Boltmon grunts)
(explosion booms)
And continues to fight even
after getting badly beaten.
I worry about him, because
one day he might...
You can't ignore him, can you?
Hmm?
What is it?
Something has been bothering
me for a while about this,
Rebellimon fella.
I know what you mean, I'm
thinking the same thing.
-(ground rumbling)
-(dishes clattering)
What the heck was that?
-(Boarmon screeching)
-(dramatic music)
(saw blades whirring)
(Boarmon roars)
(hooves thudding)
(Greymon growls)
Nova Blast!
(explosion booms)
-You okay, Greymon?
-Yeah.
(Boarmon roars)
(Greymon growls)
(fist thudding)
(Rebellimon growls)
(Boarmon roars)
(Rebellimon grunts)
(saw blades whirring)
[Cutemon] Rebellimon!
(Greymon grunts)
Greymon!
(Boarmon growls)
Tai!
Come here, you!
(Greymon grunting)
(explosion booms)
Tai!
The hits just keep on coming!
(Boarmon roars)
(hooves thudding)
-Here comes the big one.
-Bring it on.
(hooves thudding)
A little bit more.
Let's hit him!
Nova Blast!
(explosion booms)
(Giromon groaning)
(energy humming)
-Whoa, my owie's gone!
-Amazing!
What a cool power you got there!
Thanks, Cutemon.
You two must have to
fight together a lot, huh?
You make a really amazing team!
(chuckles) It's
not just fighting.
Tai and me do
everything together,
we're together all the time!
Isn't that right,
Tai? (chuckles)
(saw blades whirring)
So, Rebellimon, you
really don't know
the reason why you're fighting?
[Rebellimon] I
don't need a reason.
-Is that so?
-Hmm?
Well, like, uh,
what if it was to protect
something important to you?
[Rebellimon] Important?
[Tai] Yeah, like
Agumon and my friends.
There's a lot to protect,
when you think about it.
Now that I say it though
it's kinda hard to explain.
When I know I've
gotta protect Tai,
it gives me like a
ton of extra power!
I can do anything!
(Tai chuckles)
(Cutemon gasps)
What's the matter?
Everyone, run!
(axe thuds)
(tense music)
(Rebellimon growls)
It's Boltmon!
(dramatic music)
What is it, Agumon!
I get the feeling this
Digimon's super strong.
Yeah.
[Rebellimon] You
stay out of this!
(tire screeching)
(Rebellimon growls)
(Boltmon grunts)
(axe thudding)
[Tai] Boltmon. (gasps)
That's, that's a Mega Digimon!
(Boltmon shouting)
-(electricity crackling)
-(Rebellimon groans)
Rebellimon!
(dramatic music)
(blow thuds)
(Rebellimon thuds)
(saw blade clangs)
(Tai grunts)
-Huh?
-Hmm?
(Cutemon gasps)
(soft music)
(engine revving)
(Rebellimon thuds)
Rebellimon?
[Rebellimon] Tell me something.
-Huh?
-Why did you?
Why did I save you?
Why, why did my body
move to help you?
Well, what if it was
to protect something
important to you?
When I know I've
gotta protect Tai,
it gives me a ton
of extra power!
I can do anything!
(soft music)
(Boltmon grunts)
(tire screeching)
(Cutemon shouts)
(energy humming)
(Rebellimon grumbles)
(triumphant music)
-(Boltmon gasps)
-(explosion booms)
-(saw blade whirring)
-(Boltmon groaning)
(Boltmon roars)
(engine revving)
(Rebellimon roars)
(Boltmon roars)
(Rebellimon shouts)
(explosion booms)
(Rebellimon panting)
(Rebellimon roars)
(soft music)
[Tai] So, what are
you gonna do now?
[Rebellimon] I'm just gonna
have to find someone stronger.
[Agumon] What
about you, Cutemon?
[Rebellimon] Hey.
If you wanna ride, hop on.
(Cutemon giggles)
What about you two?
We're going that way.
Where are you two headed?
[Rebellimon] Straight ahead.
(Tai and Agumon gasp)
(engine revving)
(tire screeching)
[Tai] You hear that?
Yeah, I heard it.
You don't think?
-Nah, no way!
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy] The Digimon Encyclopedia!
Rebellimon, this outlaw Digimon,
who digivolves by
intaking junk data,
revs a high-powered engine
and races through
the Digital World.
Now, let's check this out!
That tall, stiff mohawk
is Rebellimon's
unique characteristic.
I wonder how long it
takes to style every day.
I'd really like to
see Rebellimon's hair
when it's down, too!
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] An ominous shadow
looms over the Digimon School.
Will Mimi be able to save the
school from being destroyed?
[Tai] Next time, "The
Digimon School Under Attack."
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.